SOLR-17524: Call out a few changes in 10. (#2808)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/upgrade-notes/pages/major-changes-in-solr-10.adoc

The Solr CLI has gone through some significant renovations to reduce technical debt, and now functions more consistently and predictably. Most notably, CLI commands now use unix-style options, e.g. `--help` instead of `-help`.
Users are urged to review all use of the `bin/solr` command, such as in scripts and documentation, to ensure that the correct options are being used.

Some key changes that you may run into are:

 * Commands that interact with Solr now all use `--solr-url` (or `-s`) plus a `--name` (or `-c`) to specify the Solr to interact with.
 * You may use `--zk-host` (or `-z`) in place of the `--solr-url` option to lookup the Solr host.
 * Basic Authentication support has been added to bin/solr via the `--credentials` (or `-u`) option.

> 

Reviewer: Believing that we will also remove the deprecated options in 10, this could also be mentioned:

```suggestion
 * Some short and single-letter options have been removed to avoid conflicts or in favor to other options.
 
```

> To learn about specific changes to each CLI tool use the `--help` option.

Reviewer: The `--help` does not point out the changes, but lists only the new features. So eventually we could say something like

```suggestion
To learn about the updated options in each CLI tool, use the `--help` option or look up the tool in the documentation.
```
